docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/menus.md

order: "150"
---

> In Timber, we handle menus a little differently than in WordPress. We'd say it's a little smoother and more versatile than using WordPress's `wp_nav_menu()` function. And you never again need to rely on a crazy [Walker Function](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/walker/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Timber, we handle menus a little differently than in WordPress. We’d say it’s a little smoother and more versatile than using WordPress’s `wp_nav_menu()` function. And you never again need to rely on a crazy [Walker Function](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/walker/).
```
